[Music]
do you like what you do for a living
these things you say
we have to wear blinders sometimes most
times Detective William Somerset is
looking for a way out you're retiring
six more days you're all the way gone so
how long have you lived here too long
detective David Mills is looking for a
way in we'll be spending every waking
hour together from now until the time I
leave I'll show you who your friends and
enemies are they're caught in a game no
fingerprints no witnesses of any kind no
about the only thing we know about that
guy right now is he's totally insane
where the price of sin is dead seven
dead miss Hanson gluttony if you want to
come take a look at this greed know what
touches anything sloth wrath pride lust
and envy seven you can expect five more
of these
body was found on Tuesday morning again
who didn't this this will be the very
definition of swift justice there are
two more bodies two more victims
this guy's methodical exactly worst of
all patient is lapin Anna's
he had a gun
these two murders away from completing
his masterpiece
let's benefit Brad Pitt Morgan Freeman
Gwyneth Paltrow
no7